 according to the 1884 statistics, the number of chinese members of the tax must be 83 and 83.
 the provisions of the convention into the convention, or into the provisions of article 4 of the convention, can give rise to the implementation of the article.
 during the 1 quarter of 1993, the performance of economic performance during the 1 quarter of 1993.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted this recommendation and noted that the inclusion of candidates would be included following the completion of the investigation.
 the 1 step of the 2 phase of the 2 phase requires the establishment of grade grades as a basis for remuneration comparisons.
 in accordance with the gradual developments in china's tourism market, some analysts believe that prices priced for these scenic zones may continue to rise.
 in fact, the current vacancy rate for the market stalls and street market stalls has reached the highest vacancy rate for 5 years.
 the most difficult situation in peace-keeping is the most difficult to predict, since it is assumed that there had been any major changes in the year.
 it was important to take care of the intentions of the country, rather than instruments.
 a spokesman for israel said that the occupying forces had to stay for long periods.
 some of us believe that this action would not be like this, if it is open for open and transparent consultations.
 this is very helpful to member states with regard to the complexity of the issues dealing with the issues of the court.
 the namibian family association was established in january 1996 and has now become a major non-governmental organization of reproductive health.
 states parties are most suitable for the most critical health issues affecting women in the country.
 it had exercised the authority of the international treaty, and therefore, legally and in fact, it is a subject of international law.
 although the current activities are still limited, the scope for future space activities will be expanded.
 it is therefore necessary to investigate and try to see the facts.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 those who breach the law should be given to those who violate the law, and the international community, which is the council's decisions and action.
 parents should not be able to put out the responsibility to schools and teachers.
 " it is now very pleased to see that the two systems, two systems, and hong kong people enjoy the fruits of the system.
 on the list of speakers today, he will speak on behalf of the group of 21, on behalf of the group of 21.
 the government understands that the hos scheme must avoid competition with private property market competition and maintain a different variety of applicants.
 we will explore the importance of the strengthening of the strengthening of the united nations control in close consultations with the concerned concerned.
 under the basic law, the 2 term, in accordance with the provisions of annex i to the basic law, is elected by the election committee.
 if a person has a security message, the person must be given adequate attention to preventing the use of the installation of the device.
 it also set up the international e-commerce network throughout the country and took place in october 1998.
 the gross domestic product growth rate of gross domestic product increased by 4.0<unk> to 5.0<unk>.
 following the first visit to china's visit to china, she will visit hong kong in october this year.
 the government of chile was strongly protested by the government of the people's republic of china on 8 june 1996.
 as stated in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the claim for military volunteers is not compensable.
 the decision of the appointment should be made by the president of the general assembly with the chairman of the general assembly.
 both long-term problems between the two countries and the governments of the republic of belarus, as well as the governments of the government of the republic of belarus, is unable to react quickly to the organization.
 member of the delegation of the united nations high commissioner for the transitional period between india and the united states of america.
 the warmth of the warmthropology university of the zuri university university of hong kong's family.
 however, the committee notes that the provision of state services is not any benefit.
 article 54 of the constitution referred to in article 54 of the constitution, which will establish the necessary institutions and services.
 a spokesman for the treasury said today (december 30) that they wish to take advantage of the bank's registration.
 in conclusion, mr tsang expressed gratitude with the assistance of the marine department and the other concerned parties to the construction of the marine department.
 okay, let's continue to look at other news.
 at the same time, some of the solutions to these groups require a number of preconditions.
 the number of tropical cyclone warnings was gradually returned to normal.
 it is regrettable that the draft preparedness prepared by the conference was incompatible with the united nations convention on the law of the sea.
 as a result, we believe that the indonesian authorities wish to solve these problems.
 the official language of the conference, including english, french, spanish, and spanish this year also includes romanian language.
 over 2<unk> and 10<unk> of the local traders were carried out by other local financial institutions and local non-financial clients.
 " in the long run, we are planning to construct more multi-storey single-tonel quarters.
 it is essential that the search for a achievement is to be sought, which will be feasible for multilateral cooperation.
 the culprit was later arrested and sentenced to theft.
 there was a concern about the contribution of donor fatigue disorders in the region.
 in the case of the prosecutor, the prosecutor has filed a petition. therefore, the chamber was transferred to france.
 the slowdown in the slowdown in these countries has led to the economic progress and maintenance of social stability and thus bring us deep concern to them.
 it's a week.
 our socialist countries through the united nations, through the united nations, entered the world.
 thirdly, special emphasis is placed on local, enterprises and public participation in the implementation of sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations could play a key role to make it possible to promote the development efforts of the developing countries.
 he warned him: " don't understand it. "
 (15) there is an international perspective in both words and thinking.
 it has been 2 months since the terrorist attacks on 11 september.
 china's ministry of ministry of agriculture said that the high incidence of defence control and control of the high avian flu avian flu.
 chile agreed that the preventive deployment of the united nations peacekeeping force in the united nations peacekeeping force would be able to prevent the error of violent conflicts.
 however, at this critical juncture, it is essential that the coalition of terror must be clearly recognized and recognized as the enemy.
 i would like to hope that the executive authorities can see a dialogue with different voices of different voices.
 a representative of the african group, on behalf of the african group, commended unifem for the efforts made by unifem.
 the government of the chinese government intends to be in the early next year to establish 13 coal bases in the country.
 it's the time that the ancient town of the keelung river is the past, and this is the path of modern modernization.
 as part of the day-to-day monitoring work, the hkma will continue to monitor the credit card operations in the system.
 arab language is the 2 largest official language in our country.
 leaders and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued by the heads of state or government or by the minister for foreign affairs of the member states.
 the contents of the contents of the contents have been enriched and detailed statistics on the social and social areas of the community.
 the overwhelming majority of member states showed their commitment to increase the number of permanent and non-permanent members of the council.
 customers can be purchased in six months after the issue of the issue of special stamps.
 on the other hand, the deputy secretary for education and manpower, mr lai, the deputy secretary for education, and other education and education department.
 in 1971, hong kong was established in 197.
 it is not easy to determine the fact that voters and campaign activities may have to be affected by the judges.
 the united nations members of the united nations announced the intention of the united nations to resume the nuclear tests in the pacific.
 the age is 15 years old.
 the service fee is $ 20 each time. "
 the bulldozers, in many cases, even residents in many cases.
 these actions can be the police, armed forces, security forces, law enforcement officials, law enforcement officials, law enforcement officials and the public.
 in fact, i have to contact the relevant members of the european parliament.
 at present, there is a rapid change in the maintenance and implementation of the concept of national sovereignty, national security and the concept of peace and implementation.
 this means to identify genuine responsibility for the identification of the problem at the time of space objects.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the co-chair ahmed ahmed ahmed ahmed ahmed (payan).
 the committee affirms its need to strengthen the process of nation-building processes, consolidate the rule of law, democracy and civil society.
 the conference urged the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, including the immediate establishment of this body.
 palestinian war shops and residences were destroyed by the israeli army to put an end.
 it is also more consistent with the text of the text of the text.
 this is not only the high prices of high prices of high prices, but also caused high priority to the government's administration and experts.
 it's not to say that he would need to take into account the heart's mind.
 we must not comment on the valuable opinions of scholars who have professional knowledge about political learning.
 as the saying goes. "
 it is expected that a great deal of national party is expected to accelerate the new millennium's democratic party.
 in the wake of the past few days ago, the former people's former people, such as lights and lights, is a resurgence of the two places.
 the mainland is open to taiwan's opening up to taiwan.
 the most common aspect of functional jurisdictions are navigational and through the exclusive economic zone of the territorial sea.
 the spokesman reminded the public to make a report to the police as soon as possible.
 margaret chan was officially elected director-general's director-general, who became the first one of the first united nations specialized agencies in the united nations specialized agencies.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 in the absence of international conventions, the provisions of the national domestic law in accordance with the international convention on extradition.
 the adoption of the universal declaration of human rights in the united nations, adopted by the general assembly of the general assembly on 10 december 1948.
 the committee commends the extensive human rights protection of human rights and, in particular, safeguard the human rights of women.
 er, on this, there is no darkness in the world.
 the principle of non-discrimination is thus a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating the peak of a history process, which is extremely uncertain and in multiple political difficulties.
 since the government gazetted on the internet, the number of visitors from april 6 to november rose from 6000 to november.
 this situation has not occurred in the previous case or in the present case.
 the state party may wish to address the issue in the near future.
 the results of the committee's work must depend on the capacity of its members, depending on its capacity and the commission.
 the letter of authoritative letters must be signed by the original school.
 the current contract has signed, the working group and the provision of travel services for travel services will be reviewed in september 2002.
 however, as you know, we do not mean that the " quantity " is not important.
 there was general agreement that the international community has no action to put an end to the conflict.
 one of the requirements of the users is to assess the damage caused by floods and infrastructures.
 as a result, the government's 1 step in advance of the two exchanges and clearings of the hong kong economy and the clearing of clearing and clearing.
 with regard to the mano river union, the regional office must assist in the implementation of the three ministers in september and october.
 the minimum and the highest limits of the offence, the minimum and the maximum limits of the offence, the minimum and the highest limits are added.
 initial enquiries revealed that the bullet was fired by a genuine gun.
 in an analysis of the waiting time for the time-to-date waiting time, the applicant can be selected in three categories.
 this is one of the main causes of the intensified spread of the spread of the epidemic.
 as an example, as an example, it's a product of modern technology.
 this would be possible to ensure peace and harmony, together with different ethnic and cultural development in the world.
 on food prices, i do not know what the business community can do is to do.
 this will not only enhance local's ability to produce films in local production.
 i would like to understand that we will understand the fact that we have reached the membership of the council in 17 years.
 in the case of health-careers, symptoms are mainly minors.
 coordination is also appropriate for cooperation with the relevant agencies of the united nations in cooperation with the united nations concerned.
 in the face of the market, parents are much more suitable for a personal situation.
 if the more double-digit figures, the consequences are very serious.
 for those vietnameses and laos, they will continue to seek voluntary repatriation for those vietnameses and laos.
 experience has shown that the new system has been working well in the 1999 system.
 at the same time, it is essential to maintain a moratorium on the moratorium on the moratorium on nuclear testing.
 article 31 of the basic law stipulates that hong kong residents have travel and freedom of travel.
 they also believed that this might be a precedent which led to all types of vessels which would have to be passed before it.
 right.
 since the government has been aware of the question, the government has received legal advice, but the government will never make public legal opinions.
 as at august 1997, 34 chinese state-owned enterprises were listed in hong kong through the hong kong market.
 to date, more than 30 tons of relief items have been delivered to go go to go go to goma.
 the committee expresses its appreciation to the board for the challenge of globalization and the new technologies for the implementation of the drug law in the 21 century.
 under this approach, the gap between men and women was reflected in the gap between men and women.
 on the other hand, it was not possible to engage in trade in egypt prior to egypt.
 madam president, the procession and the assembly, in fact not a small group of people, is not always a political request.
 the delay will affect the credibility of the talks.
 the recent increase in the interest of the private sector and the foundation on the global level of cooperation in cooperation with the united nations has increased significantly.
 there is no other opinion, " the teacher's teacher <unk> "
 i was very excited.
 there are two types of identity cards, one of which is to be used to the israelis.
 as a result of the limited time, i have not been able to complete all the services.
 it seems that britain's recent developments in the united kingdom will not help hong kong's resolve to solve this problem.
 the model consists of the model of 3 per cent of the three persian gulf models and lagging oil.
 9 percentage points of a percentage point of percentage points from currency exchange rates.
 the typical illicit arms transactions are carried out in place out of control of the administrative facilities of the import and export of arms.
 switzerland does not tolerate the use of swiss financial systems to make use of swiss financial systems in the future.
 most of the job vacancies are available for diploma or graduate graduates for graduates from $ 8000 to $ 16000.
 table attached to the total value of construction works in the 3 quarter of 1999 in the 3 quarter of 1999.
 with regard to the details of the committee's functions, please see the " financial and capital commission act ".
 it is hoped that, in the near future, the croatian national television broadcast will be broadcast.
 the civil society of civil society is a great deal of complement and support.
 it is the view of the chinese delegation that the international community's efforts to do the current international nuclear disarmament efforts are now located on the cross-border cross-border cross-border intercourse.
 it's because mr leung's honourable leung wai-hui has a lot of time, so i would like to make it better.
 the observer for the indians, africa and the inter-american association of cultural associations, should be recognized as a minority minority in argentina.
 " in the coming three years, we have conducted a survey survey on employers in the next three years.
 we are not aware of the version of the chinese government, and it is very likely that hong kong officials have used to imagine some excuses.
 the commissioner was held in new york on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 however, the model law establishes these parties (i.e. signatures, the signature of the signatory and the certification service).
 as a result, the rate of capacity to implement the country programmes will be low.
 the commission will consider the specific topics to be considered by a gender perspective.
 " the sar has warmly supported the wto as soon as possible.
 for example, the sub-saharan africa region of sub-saharan africa is only a telephone phone.
 the press is responsible for the dignity and reputation of the members of the media.
 the israeli authorities also closed several days of closures between the gaza strip and egypt, with a number of days of closures.
 as the unloading speed has been speeded, the reduction in the cost of transportation is reduced and all departments have benefited from all departments.
 as a result of the threaks or fantastics, there is a " philancy " of the museum.
 36. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. the 2.
 she wanted to do what is what she wants to do so, such as listening to radio, television, television, singing, singing, singing and piano.
 when we talk about taiwan's children's children, it is indeed difficult to look at the impact on them.
 as a result, the cost of the freight can be calculated on a higher value basis.
 as a matter of fact, the secretary for housing has invited me to talk about how to explain the relationship with the redevelopment zone.
 a consultant was entrusted with independent experts of the consultant to encourage consultants to work in a transparent and transparent manner.
 i did not see it, but i have often heard such reports.
 (a) the company's interested companies are interested to apply formal applications for applications for the cyberport company.
 in the movies, the man's death incident, " he says. "
 the united nations will face the test.
 the medical director, mr director of health, said that he could reach some four years later.
 it is difficult.
 in the department's central institutions, women account for more than 50 per cent of the existing staff, of whom 1<unk>3 of them serve as managerial posts.
 the court believes that the buyer did not fulfil its obligations on the payment of the purchase price.
 the independent human rights association of the region should also be channelled with the human rights commission on human rights.
 if 159 member states as draft sponsors the draft co-sponsor of the draft, it will be a real olympic performance.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report on 16 august 2002.
 the sfc has recently made a report on hong kong's financial centre in this year.
 the conference considered that the mandate of the elections is the prerogative of the general assembly, rather than the security council.
 there will also be a resurgence in the modern civilization of the modern civilization.
 we have a far-reaching objective to develop hong kong's development as a regional city in asia.
 on the other hand, the director of social welfare, mr john lam and the fund management of the fund management committee, will be distributed to senior citizens of $ 80 each.
 the honourable mrs selina chow proposes to enhance the use of the juvenile police station for their consent.
 there is a breakthrough in overseas markets.
 i would like to point out that the honourable lee cheuk-yan proposed mr lee cheuk-yan's amendment to mr lee cheuk-yan.
 shanghai is similar to international trade and export companies, in the province of zhejiang province, silk and the above-mentioned situation.
 the hong kong shipping company (scsc) has made it possible to help the owners of the owners of the ship.
 the government of sierra leone has been a priority to consolidate peace after the civil war in sierra leone.
 as he said, the history of history has been repeated.
 the national development framework for the transitional government demonstrates the role of the state in the economic and social sectors.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider extending the terms of reference of the employment bureau to all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo, and the international support would be invalid.
 industrialization, however, there is still a need to do many work and reduce tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica pointed out that the delegation had been very active in its responsibilities since the commission had been very active.
 israel is proud of the ancient traditions of the world as a whole.
 <unk> senior administrative officer at the district level, mr choi choi, will be the director of information services, on january 7, 2002.
 the dancers of the dancers are divided into the gods, and then moved to the audience.
 the situation in the united nations society is most worrying.
 as a result, the child was immediately sent to the hospital, he said that the child was infected with small children.
 the questionnaire has been delivered to all programmes and donor governments, national teams and united nations agencies.
 in addition to the discovery of the discovery of the new types of discovery, they don't forget to take a look at the world.
 the aim is to exert pressure on 3-party parties, peace-building in order to make it no longer war.
 a no. 3 alarm fire occurred today (february 2).
 we plan to introduce the bill into the legislative council in 2004.
 the people of kosovo, and the people of the community should not allow the people of the community to go to them.
 we should not forget that all these are public funds, and it is absolutely impossible to do so.
 on the contrary, the university graduate of local universities will increase in the coming year.
 i recently attended the general assembly of the population.
 a copy of these written statements should be sent to the prosecutor or the person of the other party.
 qinsheng said that james soong will arrive at the 1 stop in the 1 stop in the 1 stop in beijing and hu jintao.
 the committee also notes that the additional information was provided during the consideration of the reporting period.
 a major train accident occurred during the 22-year train accident occurred on 22 t'uu road.
 the activities of the special rapporteur also include information on civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and journalists, as well as journalists.
 i do not agree with this kind of use and expressions of the people of hong kong.
 however, international trafficking is also involved in other areas, including apparel, agricultural and construction industry.
 i am not in my own view, but i have often heard religious spiritual spirit.
 therefore, before the government's establishment of the sar government, i am afraid that only the chinese government will be eligible to represent the sar government.
 we need to assess the impact of the elections to the executive authorities and the legislative council. "
 okay, thank you, mr. qiu zhenhai.
 as a matter of fact, we have taken part in the implementation of the provisions of the mine-clearance activities.
 he further noted that the volume of trade in latin america was 12 per cent annually.
 the unemployed was reduced to 193.3 million, but also for the first time four years to 200000.
 the financial year 2004 financial year, the united states import and export bank was financed from us$ 178000000 in the united states market.
 two informal ministerial meetings will be held on wednesday, 5 june and on thursday, 5 june.
 at present, the government is considering the possibility of taking into legal action on the issue of pollution of the problem of pollution on money pollution.
 the proposed establishment of 36 posts for the operation of the office for action, 18 posts, and 18 posts for the regular budget.
 in taiwan, " 3 path " is the main reference reference to the government of chen shui-bian.
 yes, on the double-edged swords, we are here, eh.
 in addition, the transport department (dd) has added a daily raid on the number of sorties on the number of active buses at the scene.
 as for political and religious freedom, not only written in the constitution, it also written in the constitution.
 i would like to draw attention to the attention of the council to the situation of external debt in the central african republic.
 in the event of the hope that the meeting would be at the scene, the meeting was 30 105 rooms of the us congress of the us congress.
 the records shall be kept in 3 years following the final analysis of the board.
 as a result, china has reduced more than 20000000 people.
 a large number of bangkok people are ready to take an annual day in the evening of the bangkok conference in bangkok.
 we fully support the similar statement issued by the secretary-general and other united nations representatives.
 during the period, urban taxis can be located at the carpark at the carpark road and the carpark at the carpark road.
 the united nations conventional arms transfer is a transparent measure of the transfer of legal arms transfer between sovereign states.
 the latest figures show that some local employers have continued to streamline their manpower due to slowdown in economic growth and business prospects.
 it needs the consensus of the society.
 this penalty applies only to the citizens of the czech republic, and there is no access to refugee status.
 when i went to the kids, i am very serious with the fact that i was very serious.
 the international seminar on human rights and the rights of peoples also participated in international seminars.
 research on the gender disparities and inequalities, which affect the risk of the risk process.
 it is estimated that the commercial applications of these technical applications can be realized as a result of these technical applications.
 the government announced today (december 22) the appointment of 12 members of the labour advisory board (bb) for a term of two years from january next year.
 the 3 category is to be paid.
 " the east asian region has long been the financial surplus of the financial surplus, should also be added. "
 the swd has been contacted with psychological counselling and counselling.
 the state burdens up to 80 per cent of the accommodation.
 these developments have further changes in strategic changes in the post-cold-war era.
 there appears to be some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in the camps in west timor.
 there has been no place to accommodate these people, and the resources have been exhausted.
 it was also agreed that all foreign troops, whether or not, have been invited to evacuate the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to the recruitment of recruitment, salary, training, training and management of prison staff in prisons.
 " the examination has also been found to be able to cope with traffic, public utility facilities and other respects. "
 now, after nearly 30 years, the concept of common heritage has been included or was reflected in a number of international conventions.
 the building of the premises and the chief executive floor of the buildings department has been in place.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters were deployed before the 1 round of balloting.
 i wish hong kong to show that hong kong is always a sunny.
 for a long time, there have been a number of manufacturing industries in hong kong.
 as a result, we would like to stress that nuclear powers to the conclusion of the comprehensive test-ban treaty in 1996.
 in contrast, the us's largest internet internet service has only maintained the ratio of a network of a network of 20 users.
 since the opening of the opening-up and opening-up, smes have made a major contribution to a common and social development objective.
 in our country because of climate warming and colonality, it will be two years to five or 60 centimeters.
 i hope that during the course of today's meeting, the secretary-general will be able to celebrate this hall in the general assembly hall.
 <unk> there is no provision to allow the guardian of the guardian to abandon the guardianship of the guardian.
 for example, the agreed measures agreed to include a uniform travel document of the countries of the region.
 it's a very good friend.
 mr howard young: madam president, the job unemployment, employment of workers, employment and change in jobs have already caused some time.
 " even if it enters taiwan, they should not abandon the " performance ".
 otherwise, the draft articles would be lost as a result of the draft articles.
 as a result, the rate of inflation in the last year had increased sharply.
 that is to say that the right to use of drugs and antibiotics have enjoyed the right to use of drugs and antibiotics.
 the current age of these greek cypriots is 66.
 the economic experts of the high-risk company also presented the same project for the weekend.
 the project will also allow more public understanding of cultural diversity and to maintain such diversity as well as the relevance of such diversity.
 in view of the large number of applications for single persons, the government is now studying the need for additional loans.
 the above-mentioned assets were carried out in accordance with the code of criminal procedure and was chaired by the judge.
 it can be seen that the students ' death of the students should not be allowed to death.
 in addition to the agency's primary health-care facilities facilities, patients are given medical medical supplies in accordance with the provision of medical medical facilities in unrwa.
 land reform plans are not just redistribution.
 based on this subject, the meeting attempted to remind people that one person had died or maimed as a result of anti-personnel mines.
 when they arrived, there were some crafts of crafts and crafts to be purchased.
 motorists are advised to comply with traffic signs and observe the command of police officers.
 the conclusion of this conclusion is that since the previous legal adviser had previously referred to the payment of the payment of the defence counsel in defence.
 with the assistance of the ilo, benin, the government of benin is considering the possibility of expanding the existing social security system or individual scope.
 the amputation of the amputation of the amputation, which affects their activities, affect their activities, work and normal life.
 in 2001, the european union, japan, the united states and several developing countries declined simultaneously.
 with the implementation of this scheme, quite a number of colleagues will have a journey of lifelong learning.
 he was reportedly dragged into a written complaint after his father had written in writing written by his father.
 other officers of the narcotics bureau also arrested a 40-year-old man in the vicinity.
 as a matter of fact, the increase in employment opportunities for low skills opportunities is the low-level service sector.
 the project indicates that the current approach of small enterprises based on the previous policy experience and performance of credit subsidies.
 just now, mrs miriam lau claimed that the " charter for youth " is the " youth charter ".
 the three persons were charged with conspiracy to defraud the woman.
 they should adopt a step-by-step market, finance, trade, trade and other macroeconomic policies, which should be implemented in the context of national conditions.
 in the context of international and international law, it is impossible to support the united states and the united states against iraq.
 the concept of real development should contain full respect for all human rights universally universally accepted human rights.
 the state has shown that the length of the duration of the right to choose the duration of the option is considerable.
 the islamic state of afghanistan fervently hope that the security council will be re-examined before its consideration of the agenda, which will also be re-examined.
 states have achieved considerable reduction in the population of poverty, although the economic crisis in the asian financial crisis has caused a setback.
 as a result, some of the countries in which poverty have been denied access.
 recognition of the role played by neighbouring countries in the security and economic sphere.
 " the security council expresses its deep concern at the deterioration of the situation in the territory and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, nine temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department have been closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to that end, the goal should be made to achieve a more interdependent relationship.
 ldc has found that the development, manufacturing, manufacturing and sale of persons, and many of the world's famous consumer products.
 it was subsequently confirmed that all chickens were also present at the scene and confirmed that all chickens are not infected with avian flu. "
 the secretariat analyses a number of missions survey data, which verify the self-organization rate.
 if the floods of the northwest new territories department is to be implemented, we must implement the shenzhen river project.
 the capitalism of the legal and moral norms of capitalism often leads to a drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption.
 after the 1 works of the queen's work.
 the construction of the construction of the middle-way zone can be shortened from around one hour to 40 minutes.
 the report is well known to the deterioration of the economic deterioration of the economy of the palestinian territory.
 <unk> no large amount of cash or valuable property.
 at least 17 were killed and 38 individuals were burned alive.
 the working group and international human rights services, together with international human rights services, had dealt with these issues in 1997.
 the 28 officers of the immigration bureau raided 7 targeted units in sham shui po in sham shui po.
 therefore, the contracting authority would be preferable to consider the changes that may need to change.
 economic growth of the developed and developing countries, as well as in countries with economies in transition, is particularly significant in developing countries.
 according to the same sources, more than 800 persons were allegedly killed by the armed elements of the communist party of nepal.
 in accordance with a legal article 22, it is under the existing legal liability that the legislation had committed the offence of criminal activity.
 mr president, after the shutdown of the landfills of the new landfills, the problem will be resolved by the end of next year.
 more than 200,000 children were killed in the 1990s and had left permanent disability or serious injuries.
 this is a great help in the development of ecomotives. "
 basically, it is a tangible commitment to the government's development in the north-west.
 if they fail to make any improvements or effects, the department will have issued warning letters to the department.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also concerned.
 moreover, we have once again been one of the world's most competitive and competitive economies in the world.
 the highways department today (july 20) launched a total of $ 6888000000, following the signing of the construction of the construction construction company.
 i believe that the hong kong law, which has been mentioned in hong kong, has 382.
 thirdly, there is a pragmatic cooperation in the field of non-traditional security.
 in june this year to july may, most of the major sectors of the major industry and the underemployed conditions remained stable.
 i am sure that this is not easy, but if a quota system can be absorbed by the people with disabilities.
 in addition, australia is actively involved in the negotiations for the suppression of the international convention for the suppression of the financing of the financing of the financing of the financing of the financing of the financing of the financing of the financing of the financing of the financing of the financing of the financing of the financing of the financing of the financing of the financing of the
 the regulations, together with the work of the factory and industry, will be effective and effective to implement the protection scheme.
 the letter does not have the confidence of the relationship between the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya, which will only result in the contrary.
 we firmly believe that the report of the secretary-general contains a correct framework for the future of the united nations in east timor.
 in some parts of the world, the number and relative number of people in the world has been growing.
 we look forward to continuing cooperation with the industry in this regard. "
 the state party submits that the same approach should apply to the present case.
 he was informed that the cause of the durfur conflict is a dispute in the area of anadic in the area of crops in the area.
 the amendment has been reserved for the development of community facilities for the development of fire services and open space.
 otherwise, the international community may have no choice but only from liberia.
 in the light of the details of the details of the details, the details of the details are also provided to upgrade the language.
 on the deck of the decks of a stabbon and from time to time from time to time, chen can't touched up the misleading.
 in fact, in terms of the jurisdiction, the draft garrison act is almost the same as the current practice of the garrison.
 the spokesman pointed out that the purpose of the establishment of a centre for the establishment of the centre was not to be encouraged by the ad litor.
 the chairman of the joint meeting of the joint meeting was very useful and will also take follow-up actions on the proposals.
 in addition, we will look at the review of the review of district boards after the 2003 elections.
 vehicles imported from the secretariat of 1 avenue are restricted to a vehicle of the special labelling of the permanent representative of the permanent representative.
 in the face of the village, there are 320000 trees.
 the institute for agrarian institute of el salvador was established as an institution of the land transfer plan, which is a result of the peace agreement.
 according to information provided by the information provided, the advisory committee is not opposed to these posts.
 anyone who knows that the girl's relatives or anyone who have a girl or anyone who have any information is urged to call the mong kok police station.
 in 1997, the institute had designated a formal certificate for improved quality and enhanced productivity programmes.
 this morning, i would like to focus this morning. i would like to focus on two three issues.
 to that end, the importance of education, education and education is the necessary means and means to promote social development.
 the ruf is not the army, but it also affirmed the command of the commander of the army of the army.
 the field control system is aimed at a number of audits of auditing the assets of the united nations assets, that is, at the end of the initial procurement period.
 but it is not possible.
 in order to protect the environment, these substances have to be unexploded and non-existent, non-existent, unarmed gases and no chemical.
 the offence of treason is in the common law system in the 14 century.
 even worse, the threat of the destruction of nuclear weapons appears to be rooted in the minds of many people.
 in the village, the village has all along taken away.
 the armed conflict in darfur region began in february last year.
 the right of serious discrimination is a part of the international protection of human rights and, in particular, respect for pluralism.
 procedures for the commission are confidential, subject to rules of rules, any document or address.
 however, with the gradual recovery in the economy, we believe that the future hong kong will be rebounded.
 the so-called option is to choose whether or not the contract.
 efforts will continue to continue, but in the long term, it will be a challenge.
 they preferred indifferent.
 at that time, governor patten is beginning to prepare the general election of the conservative party.
 asianet daily summary-press releases on friday, november 16, 2001.
 it may, however, be disappointed, however, that so far only one accused has been handed over to the court.
 in order to avoid conflict, the role of the council must be coordinated with the role of the court in order to ensure the independence of the latter.
 the loss of life, particularly children, are always sad and sad than that of the ethnic and religious boundaries.
 the performance of the operation includes $ 50000.
 in recent years, there has been a significant change in the world economy.
 these guidelines are placed on the websites of the buildings department and has been distributed to all management companies and corporations.
 they believe that the process of science and technology could not be considered at the level of science.
 although member states have requested the representative of the field, its progress is being hampered by the shortage of resources.
 at about 3 p.m. local time, a car bomb was bombed in the vicinity of the mahaahah market.
 senior security officers at the present session, as well as the personal and security bureau, will receive special permits to the united nations security and security service.
 the latest mapping of the latest map and the newly obtained images are quickly transmitted to the rescue agencies.
 the scheme is to 15000000 citizens, including students, men, women and children, without discrimination.
 however, mine-clearance activities were conducted in the united nations peacekeeping force and other united nations bodies.
 the royal government of cambodia has provided protection for the protection of hiv <unk> aids in cambodia, and protect them human rights.
 as a result, once again, i would like to go to the housing department for further inspection.
 drop-out rates for girls are still higher than those for boys, in secondary schools and universities.
 on the contrary, anti-bian and guards have been stacked into the matches, and the turbulent clashes broke out.
 there is no difficulty in setting up and entry into such schools.
 i did not imagine that because of the experience of the previous experience, she changed her decision.
 when motorists have accumulated some 8 minutes, the warning letter will be received from the transport department.
 he is in the hands of the united states.
 chairman of environmental capital, the senior adviser of the world bank bank.
 if the senior officials are interested to invest in investment, they should not be able to do business.
 consideration should also be given to changes in the international system for the past decade, particularly the dissemination of globalization and new technologies.
 one cannot say, yes, yes.
 cuba has been proposed to abolish cuba's sugar quotas in the united states market.
 however, in the longer term, the government is still intending to recruit suitable candidates.
 in addition, 3 children have been released, but also to report back the next day.
 mr. bern made a statement on the modernization of the hong kong sar.
 the more voters to vote, of course, the more representative of the council.
 a distance of a distance of 400 kilometres of ballistic missiles can be located at a distance of 13 minutes.
 if he is not enough to take a rest, it will be fair to take a break.
 this approach is obvious to the administration.
 in december 1963, the armed attacks on the turkish cypriots was a campaign for the turkish cypriots.
 the delegation of argentina proposed that it should also include models, including models.
 we are contacting the canadian authorities to know what the case was heard in the court's hearing.
 the chinese delegation expressed appreciation for the work of the delegation for the work of the topic.
 no. no.
 as for the elimination of the status of marriages, she asked whether he had not been able to ascertain the causes of the family.
 the fact is that the earth is even worse than a year ago.
 the government today (april 20) announced the appointment of the commission on innovation and technology advisers to members of the commission and the special adviser.
 he will take major reforms in the securities and future markets and to enhance the supervision of the banking industry.
 it is therefore important that non-governmental organizations and other important groups have encouraged non-governmental organizations and other important groups to participate in all levels of activities.
 the delegation said that the majority of the majority were from outside power, not to control groups and individuals.
 " these accomplishments and current efforts have been made in the past and present, " he said.
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 in order to improve the standard of living standards and improvement of the standard of living, parents will pay some costs in accordance with family income.
 however, further efforts have to be made in order to improve the results of the work of the work of the public authorities.
 the implementation of those criminal acts cannot be allowed to be implemented, financial assistance, or other means to support those criminal acts.
 on july 26 this year, the driver of a security guard saw a security guard against two burglars in the sha tin.
 the council believes that he and other responsible bodies must be responsible for their actions.
 under the traditional business environment, the marketing officer can only take care of his actual contact or contact with customers.
 article 54 of the constitution states that expatriates in territory shall be protected in accordance with the same protection of the law.
 three years of the member states of the european union have been put in line with the instructions of 6 june 2000.
 the pfp pfp was quite anger and immediately press a press conference.
 it reaffirms the importance of " restrictions on anti-ballistic missile systems ".
 the performance of the developed countries in the region continued to be weakened by the japanese economy.
 it is unrealistic for others to save themselves.
 it's hard to set up a knife.
 there will be a six years ago.
 despite the condemnation of the condemnation of the international community, a multi-ethnic, multi-ethnic, multicultural and multi-ethnic society is being eliminated.
 the hkma will carry out regulatory functions in accordance with the supervision of the regulatory methods of the sfc in accordance with the supervision of the sfc.
 the return of the star is the first time for the first time to go back to dr.
 we wish to see a truly universality and commitment to the university of peace.
 population estimates are the key parameters for projections and projections, for private sector and commercial sectors.
 more than five years ago, friends were invited to attend the lunar new year lunar new year.
 the united states government acknowledges that the diplomatic bank of cuba should enjoy diplomatic immunity.
 secondly, the rule of adjudication is paid on the basis of the mandatory adjudication instrument.
 in the competition, students had to cope with the problem, such as power cuts, black attack, and the interruption, interruption, equipment and passives.
 we are currently considering the views of the industry and to implement the proposal.
 staff of the board also visited undcp and field offices in the field of thailand and china.
 in the bill, no particular reference was made to the company's concealment of a company or a company.
 it is also strange that the chinese people have to leave the names of the names of the names of the people.
 staff of the department of health have provided their health education to their families and disinfection in his residence.
 i would like to turn to the issue of post-conflict peace-building issues, given the current situation of post-conflict peace-building.
 the representative of non-governmental organizations also suggested that the high commissioner should take the initiative on the implementation of the recommendations proposed by the special rapporteur.
 in the context of the necessary action, we have refused to turn our vision on a single side.
 we are closely monitoring the process of the question of palestine in the middle east question.
 if members of the council agree with the concurrence of members of the council.
 these include threats to the concept of sovereignty, including the concept of sovereignty.
 the maintenance of world security and peace cannot be left out of the development efforts of the international community.
 a number of state emergency in lima has once again been extended on 15 december.
 several days after the taliban occupied mazar-i-sharif, the authorities began to be transferred to other detention sites.
 the unique nature of the missile, which is used to be used for threats, deterrence, coercion, coercion, coercion, self-defence and revenge.
 the government's policy is to adopt a platform for the use of open software products as a support platform.
 in addition, there are 106 private care centres in the 77 private child care centres.
 following the incident, both sides have taken military operations, but the front line has not changed.
 in addition, the general assembly also designs a wide range of new interesting games.
 however, a number of immediate dangers will be taken by the relevant departments concerned.
 the commission's experts may have a new picture of images with those of the commission databases and the recent notes (about 15000).
 there is a 10 per cent vacancy rate for local employment.
 the use of coal conversion to natural gas will also reduce sulphurity, nitrogen and carbon dioxide emissions.
 works will begin early next year and will be completed in early 2001.
 in the manufacturing sector, large establishments of more than 100 or more or more people are employed in other sectors, with 50 or more.
 in accordance with article 23 of the swedish criminal code, penalties for the preparatory or compelling penalties are lower than that of the maximum limits to be completed.
 the general assembly adopted resolution 56<unk>282, from the list of non-self-governing territories to east timor.
 mr. wang hassan (china) (interpretation from chinese): on 23 july, the esteemed king of morocco, hasan ii of the world.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed the rwandan action mission, and other 5 suspects were arrested.
 of these, 63 are implemented by non-governmental organizations, with the rest of the remaining 19.
 in conclusion, i should like to refer to the particular concerns of the two spain.
 there will be an offence for non-resident cars.
 secondly, small and medium-sized enterprises (smes) have inadequate capacity to do so.
 8 days later, the usa won two times.
 more than 2 2000 basins will be displayed at the hong kong park room for hong kong.
 the survey will cover the standard of living of the entire territory, particularly in poverty, to be reliable, updated information.
 one of the ones attention of the television is the new rounds of games this year.
 in 1993, the abolition of the death penalty in 1993 is precisely the world's human rights trend.
 people are also aware of a blind eye to vomiting.
 15 catholic heads of humanitarian organizations, and many of his staff, were reportedly executed in dili.
 in particular, he suggested that the legislation had been amended in 1999 to provide more investigation and the independence of competition management.
 the secretary for foreign affairs of china and south korea was held in beijing.
 he will speak at the luncheon meeting of the hong kong trade development council and the french association of france.
 the international community can co-operate with each other.
 a response was made by the ministry of the treasury on 19 january 2001.
 he said: " the primary objective of the government is to stabilize the property market, and the property prices will not be large. "
 just now, mr lau ping-cheung said earlier that he would have been informed <unk>
 the sponsor delegation said that the text of the proposal could be found in the 10 to 14 and 22 of the charter.
 in any case, there is a need for a country to start collecting data on its storage and production record.
 it should be noted that the data contained in these tables are provided by undp from various agencies concerned.
 i remember that some of them are used as " vested with " vested people ".
 i believe that many people will not agree with this view, but, in principle, there will be no alternative land departure tax.
 in accordance with the contract, the issue of transport <unk> transport matters must be agreed upon by all forest forests.
 the angolan armed forces also captured savava, south-east, and continue to be in the south-east of the country.
 if we have decided to extend the project, we intend to prove that the impact of the problem of labour shortages will continue to be affected.
 they made use of the german military train model, with a price of $ 8000000000000.
 in 2001, the court was received by the government of the people's republic of china.
 this kind of work is still subject to the division, and the specific circumstances need to be taken into consideration and ratification.
 police will take special arrangements on the hong kong island to take place at the hong kong island to be held on january 6.
 private universities have also given a higher tuition tuition for the students under the economic situation.
 improving the relationship between us and egypt, as well as restoring multilateral negotiations, is indispensable to further achieving the common objectives of our region.
 he was very strong and strong.
 a number of police officers will be interviewed by some police officers.
 the results indicated that those who had not been transferred to medicine in medicine, which had obtained the quality of drugs, was sold through a german company.
 it welcomes ukraine as a treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons as a non-nuclear-weapon state.
 israel has also continued to open the tunnel to the west of the al-quaqa al-sharif.
 as a matter of fact, the travel industry council has not received complaints from passengers who have not received passengers from passengers.
 " i believe you will become an important asset in the two places. "
 he then said.
 the ministry of defense has carried out demilitary adjustments to the fact that the latter has been in service.
 therefore, if you are worried about the rights of the demonstration, i agree with everyone's spirit.
 the private car was immediately removed from sha tau kok street in tai kok street, tai kok street.
 although the evidence is sound, they are still being defended.
 governments have adopted various methods to control these monopolies.
 however, it should be noted that, in the context of their respective roles and mission, it is not appropriate to examine the performance of their respective institutions. "
 i believe it will not only affect the future.
 the problems of the environment in the environment have been stimulated.
 " our immunization system is like the army, as the army is the same as the army.
 the participation of citizens and voters is very high.
 this led to a decline in the groundwater in the gaza strip and has led to salt water to the east.
 i think that this week, i believe this week, has demonstrated that we have shared the determination of our common defeat to this international health.
 i also express my gratitude to the secretary-general for his appreciation and appreciation for the report of the secretary-general for his consideration.
 we need to fulfil this international responsibility.
 argentina, on its part, has been able to sacrifice democracy as a result of political instability.
 in the west of the west of the west, there are many legends of legends.
 it's a great deal of self-confidence.
 in fact, it is an important part of the united nations to participate in the work of the oceans.
 in the history of history, there is no other child.
 " it's the whole of the whole world. "
 as chairman of the new advisory committee, i would like to build a tree on a good basis in the former ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, sanctions are likely to become an unsustainable means to implement morality and the desire of the entire international community.
 in recent years, the seizure of cocaine seizures in croatia has been seized in the year 2000.
 to that end, pakistan supports the mexican proposal, and invite the united nations concerned to consider the additional budgetary requirements of the international court of justice.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (hkpa) has issued detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the industry.
 he was then taken away by a police vehicle with a police vehicle with a police police vehicle.
 with regard to the environment, international efforts should be made to protect the nature of nature of nature.
 the secretary-general has put forward the direction of the united nations.
 it is also necessary to identify the users of public information and to evaluate the results of the results.
 mr chan kam-lam said that his statement was less than my short, but i would still still still have shorter than him.
 lithuania has also attached great importance to the role of other international forums dealing with the issue of terrorism.
 the u.s. 11 trials of the united states have been overthrown by the court of appeal of the district court.
 with regard to this, 150000 displaced persons in the area of equator area and the 150000 displaced persons in the northern governorates of katanga province.
 as a result of the fighting and air strikes at kabul, part of the international community had had to leave the city.
 in response to the current economic environment, we also urge the government to consider the feasibility of reducing the feasibility of pre-employment training. "
 at the best, i can only say that the government can only say that the government can only do so.
 the current operating budget for the current operation is estimated to be less than $ 40 per year.
 an amount of 10<unk> in non-us$ non-us$ non-us$ non-us$ non-us$ non-us$ non-us$ non-us$ non-us$ non-us$ non-us$ non-us$ 87.
 the views of the president and mrs.
 the world trade ministerial conference will be held in seattle, which could be a fair forum.
 the 1 of the above-mentioned issues said that, on the 1 question, the language of university graduates, university graduates and professional groups should be set up in the language of the language.
 it is also unwise if the so-called corrupt language of the so-called correlation of the so-called unanimous expressions.
 regular receives and processing of 30 minutes and 7 minutes on a regular basis.
 any person affected by the amendments may submit a written statement to the secretary of the town planning board on february 24, 2002.
 with regard to the specific details of the ordinance, the hong kong progressive alliance (hkpa) is basically in favour of the motion.
 on the contrary, ecuador's imports of imports increased by 2<unk>3 and colombia's import of 2<unk>3 and colombia.
 the most recent example is that the arfel can be built in the sha tin loe road to cover the integrity of country parks.
 the detailed records of the items envisaged are contained in article 11 of the model law.
 the chairman of the hong kong institute of surveyors of surveyors of the hong kong institute of surveyors will be presented at the workshop.
 the 12 juveniles arrested on june 15 were also released earlier on bail pending further enquiries.
 on all possible levels, the issue has been reported to the ministry of foreign affairs, but there has been no progress.
 regional security systems have expanded its ability to collect information on anti-terrorist activities in the caribbean region.
 she also wished to know how to make information about the choice of non-governmental organizations, information and the information provided by the commission.
 to safeguard the interests of consumer interests, i am speaking on behalf of the democratic party today.
 turkey supported the director-general policy of strengthening the policy of the field, but the host country should provide financial contributions or in-kind contributions.
 there are 15 different countries in different countries.
 as already signed international treaties, the legal assistance provided in accordance with the provisions of the treaty.
 these realities have to be addressed to ensure that the remaining 70000, or at least one of them is the majority of them.
 it should be subject to a short list of national lists. direct victims continue to be the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to hon tam yiu-chung's motion.
 as to the underemployment rate, there was also a construction industry in the construction industry, with the transport and transport industry and manufacturing industries.
 as a result of budgetary constraints, a number of constraints have been paid to the costs and expenditure of appointments.
 this is a time-frame that must have a period of time-frame, and it is not possible to take a long time to avoid punishment.
 at the weekend, there is also a discrepancy to the parents of the children of the children of the children, and they have also been blocked.
 banks do not want the one another thing that the government has the government instructions to deal with their business.
 for programme enquiries, please call 246119.
 therefore, the taiwan strait can look into a unit for research.
 in article 190 to 201 of the georgian penal code, there was a detailed statement of the assets of the assets of the assets of the assets.
 " in addition to the case of the case, we also believe that it is necessary to expand the training and traffic aspects of the area. "
 since the united nations has been established 50 years since the united nations, albania has suffered one of the most grief dictatorships in the continent.
 we are not in favour of pressure on pressure on the north korean nuclear issue.
 then you will ask why i did not say that i did not allow you to join you.
 he was released on a few days later.
 investigations by accident investigation team, traffic, hong kong island, are continuing.
 finland will participate actively in the efforts of the conference, a global and effective treaty to stop the further spread of anti-personnel landmines.
 in addition, articles 13 to 18 should be considered by reference to the international system for specific activities.
 1970-19 1975 minister counsellor of the soviet embassy in italy.
 a code of codes of ethics should be enacted in the formulation of legitimate activities in conflict areas.
 the preconditions should be that the provisions should be fair, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is yes.
 the spokesman added that the sale of the sale of all flats is available for sale at the home ownership scheme.
 during the same period, the number of births in hong kong was 5300 persons, while the number of deaths was 32000.
 however, i have put forward it because of this issue, because this issue is reflected in the history of the balkans and the people of the balkans.
 when hong kong's future talks, some leaders of the chinese government said, " the chinese government can do so. "
 more than any other group, they need the attention and care of the family, social and social government.
 it was reported that, in the area of pollution, these foods have been exported in other parts of the country, and then as a clean food.
 with regard to the choice of the children's name, luxembourg has made reservations at the time of ratification of this convention.
 they also discussed their discussions and agreed to prevent arms into the country.
 in view of the short-term perspective, the government should be carefully discussed with the industry.
 some of the people who have been killed over the past 10 years.
 ni kuang talk about women.
 the overall plan is to focus on helping girls and women to increase their self-esteem.
 he strongly reiterated that the administration and the palau are determined to uphold the environment and culture of palau palau.
 on july 1928, the cctv <unk> c <unk> c <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 in the promotion of chickens, a number of staff members of the pope and farms have also helped to promote the development of fish fisheries.
 the advisory committee requested a copy of the memorandum of understanding of the memorandum of understanding.
 in this context, the committee has been trying to understand the full concealment of iraq.
 the special rapporteur undertook a visit to rwanda.
 the person concerned has lost the fighting.
 the main reason for the termination of the unutilized balance is the termination of the units.
 moreover, as a member of the international donor community, we will continue to provide direct contributions to the palestinians.
 the scientific and practical application of the satellite remote sensing should be strengthened.
 under the basic law, all permanent resident members of the hong kong special administrative region shall be elected and elected.
 in the reporting period, 40 enterprises in the service industry have received a loan of $ 216000 in the reporting period.
 in early june, members of the council had taken part in the drafting of the nuclear tests conducted by india and may in may.
 i take this opportunity to thank all countries, international organizations and the united nations themselves to provide assistance to our country itself.
 we want to advise friends of entrepreneurship: i understand that they are not enough to ask for assistance.
 after the last few months, the storm also affected hong kong, and it is a period of painful adjustment.
 ah, i have been closed yesterday.
 after the protests of the assembly, some of the people's sentiments became expelled.
 the work programme for the establishment of a trade point was developed only in recent years.
 i think most of the most important is the respect for the civil service so that they will go to the negotiating table.
 the committee expresses its concern about the impact of this change in the pension system, which is more influenced than that of men.
 (c) the commander of the commander of the commander of the commander: a reduction of two local level posts.
 in fact, it has decided to reduce the growth of the world economy and international trade.
 the department of development and the family support division has been launched by the department of development and the family support division, national family day, exhibitions and similar activities.
 the gizmondo world sales of the gizmondo globe, said: " the exhibition is extremely successful.
 the international community should look equally with the same emphasis on the same position as a fair and equal manner in a fair and equal manner.
 despite some obvious difficulties, these positive developments are a strategy that conflict prevention is a strategic strategy.
 similar to article 122 of the basic law, similar to article 122 of the basic law.
 he was kicked and kicked.
 us dollar deposits increased only slightly from july to november, following a 17 per cent increase in december.
 the committee wished to know the findings of the incident.
 however, the ability of women to participate fully in society is clearly dependent on economic and social resources and their legal rights.
 many of the discussions of the general assembly and of the committee clearly reflected the urgency of the whole of mankind.
 it is necessary to put an end to their despair and suffering.
 " we will strive to preserve all key elements of our success, " mr tung said.
 in view of the position of the chinese side, the chinese side put forward a reasonable solution.
 after all, only 12.3 million us dollars are used to purchase humanitarian items.
 the rent indices in the consumer price indices were reflected in the number of rents paid by hong kong households.
 the jurisdiction of such an approach will concentrate on the availability of re-entry to the original security product.
 he believed that the preparatory work of beijing's olympics is solid and before, china will definitely be successful in the 2008 olympic games.
 the committee considered the key issues of the productive employment of the productive employment at its last session in february this year.
 we can't be able to see the grave situation in the economy.
 in 2000, the maternity protection ordinance was prohibited from eight to 21 weeks from eight to 21 weeks.
 paraguay's actual facilities in paraguay has also been improved, so that river transit corridor has become a major transport route for transport.
 you are welcome to see.
 in this regard, the financial secretary also agreed that there will be great development, and we look forward to as soon as possible.
 in the event of the public, the importance of the great halls of the general assembly is above all.
 in most countries, the population of the elderly is far faster than the overall population growth.
 at 2 am today (friday), a 45-year-old man was killed in the fire.
 in addition, it was reported that the national records museum also was robbed on 12 may 1994.
 i am deeply honoured to officiate at the opening ceremony of the china space science and technology exhibition exhibition.
 they are disciplinary and collaborating them as a result of their own.
 these proposals have been a public opinion over the years.
 a police spokesman stressed: " there is no cause for undue concern. "
 police appeal to members of the public to contact investigating officers of the missing persons who are urged to contact investigating officers of the missing person in connection with the whereabouts of the missing person.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat intends to review the timetable for system-wide meetings.
 the 74-year-old man, his voices, and his voices, and every day, every day.
 this incident occurred on the way that the incident occurred on the way close to ancient katiti.
 in fact, the total number of unemployed persons is double.
 this practice also deserves further consideration.
 in the last century and the millennium, we have seen the great accomplishments of human great achievements and has seen some devastating tragedies.
 mr deputy president, after explaining my amendment, i would like to say a few words about this motion.
 the number of casualties in armed conflict is civilian populations.
 the 1 stage of the genes revolution is known as the revolutionary revolution.
 i think that the chinese government has promised to draft the accuracy of the basic law in drafting the basic law.
 these rights may be brought to the competent court of justice.
 the united nations is the appropriate forum for dealing with many of the challenges.
 this provision provides for the growing demand for the people of iraq to meet the growing needs of the iraqi people.
 note: the chinese charitable fund and the chinese temple was established shortly after the enactment of the temple in 1948.
 it is sometimes difficult to distinguish between voluntary recruitment and compulsory recruitment.
 on the eve of the day of the day, he was written on the same page.
 at the same time, the inflation rate for the whole year is that the inflation rate for the year is expected to be almost 10<unk>.
 mr ip pointed out that he believed that there is a lot of voters in the legal profession.
 i would also like to agree with the proposal made by the amendment to a number of administrative provisions.
 as i do not need to repeat again, we have been very clear about it.
 the meeting was drafted some of the conclusions and recommendations of the review committee at its 1 session.
 the management system is a complex project, which will have a profound impact on the management of personnel, budget and financial operations.
 if they are still not able to buy a lot of money, the number of buyers can also be purchased.
 in line with the relevant measures, customs and excise department, the lands department and the department will carry out the above-mentioned verification work.
 mr. wang yingfan (china) (spoke in chinese): i would like to congratulate you on your assumption of chairman of the council.
 in addition, the military observers and civilian police are not able to ensure safe safety.
 the text was to make a number of political options and rights to the countries concerned after the adoption of an internationally wrongful act.
 responding to the police, the police officers, police officers, mounted three rooms of three rooms in the hotel.
 they have to receive professional training, and their registration <unk> authorization will be given to renewal.
 in late february each year, the education department is invited to take part in the allocation of schools in march next year.
 the implementation of these techniques, however, is enormous.
 originally, i also said that he he hesitate him he hesitating him.
 the contradiction between the contradictions of operative paragraph 3 is even more obvious.
 the minimum minimum age for the purpose of providing compulsory service will be given to the benefit of the community.
 the view was expressed that the issue of remuneration for the insolvency representative should be addressed in the draft guide.
 i would like to repeat the arguments earlier earlier. i only hope that members will be able to do so.
 at the same time, the chairman shall announce that the debate should be put to an end.
 he said: " you are often able to reach a dark and even a dark side. "
 i think that the level of the ceiling should be seen in the future, and there is no fixed level.
 the 2 sisters of the 2 sisters and the snows and storms of snow and storms.
 " we should continue our efforts to improve the standard of service, which is the expectations of the community. "
 this is a major step forward in the future.
 it is now clear now that the community in favour of a bill of rights to establish these freedom through a bill of rights.
 in my view, the government is like " itself ".
 however, when the delegation went to new york, it became air safety for aviation and prevented them into the united states.
 " the pace of economic recovery in south-east asia will significantly slow.
 the united kingdom believed that this court should be in line with some guidelines.
 in order to reduce funds in the short term, i think the government should more actively implement the policy policy.
 the vienna convention on the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of treaties included the question of reservations of human rights treaties.
 myanmar has chosen the path of democracy: the government of myanmar is a truly democratic state of a market-oriented economy.
 it was also reported that on 7 june 2000, the rwandan soldiers allegedly seized a 7, including five children.
 " we will return to the appeal as soon as possible, " he said.
 (b) the management of private land is the responsibility of land titles.
 this is more vulnerable to the poor.
 we also believe that hong kong's cultural life is a good city for a stop stop station. "
 in a number of countries, cross-border transit instruments are classified as the customs rules, such as smuggling or breach of foreign exchange control.
 more than 95<unk> of the tax taxpayers, the taxpayers and personal income tax, will receive the tax repayment in the next two weeks.
 we must, however, overcome the sadness of japan.
 preparations for the tenth anniversary of the ministry of women and family affairs in the sudan, welfare and social development.
 he also served as the chairman of the secretary of the administrative committee and the organization of the committee and to the secretary-general.
 the exhibition is a co-operation between the permanent mission of italy and the department of public information, and will end on friday, 5 november.
 similarly, life expectancy in life expectancy at birth (table 3 and chart 5).
 secondly, there is a balance between the administration and the legislature.
 even if there is no public transport, there is almost no work for a lot of work.
 this year, this year is different.
 next, let us take you a look at the bush policy in the past.
 in addition, members can also observe the investigation of the capo's investigations.
 when i look at my ziy, i would very much like to listen to me.
 despite a good fiscal performance, structural adjustment programmes have not been able to reach its goals in the gross domestic product.
 yes, a little difference.
 if we want the united nations to be a major position, we must have to take the united nations to take place before developments.
 in his budget budget, the financial secretary referred to the lyrics of the " lion rock ".
 the housing authority will be responsible for repair works in the public housing estates under the ground, and will bear on relevant expenditure.
 mr deputy, i trust this is the last meeting of the legislative council at this last meeting.
 " there has been a downward trend in the number of industrial accidents and accident rates, " the spokesman said.
 the croatian police are also carrying out of walking and vehicle patrols in part-controlled areas where they were able to access.
 mr cheung pointed out that the misunderstanding of the three " fundamental problem " has been misunderstandings about the education department.
 now, there is a need for the united nations more than ever before.
 prior to the implementation of the registration scheme, the administration will carefully consider all the views of the registration scheme.
 president: mr martin lee, you should ask the views of the advice and is not appropriate to ask questions in question.
 as a matter of fact, the government has recently been " winds winds ". it would be possible to reduce the salaries of civil servants.
 in the evening, he will fly to washington on a 10-day visit to the north american visit in north america.
 in 1990, the exports of developing countries increased from 22 per cent in 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the web site is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session in september 2001, the tribunal decided to submit this matter to the meeting of the states parties.
 as far as her husband gave her her husband to her her husband.
 15. in spite of the need for analysis of data and the number of data, the content of the data is relatively small.
 however, the report noted that although the local market has food and special valleys, the power of the people is very limited.
 the advisory committee agrees with this view and recommended that the current rate of 23.7 per cent was retained.
 the gains made by the international community in the fight against terrorism should not be done so far.
 the administration has recognized that " national security " is vested with the interests of the sovereign state.
 however, the hong kong economy has been growing at the moment, and the surplus of the coffic surplus has given many countries.
 this should be done.
 the under-secretary-general has been determined by the under-secretary-general for the scope of the scope of the commission.
 over the years, a large amount of documentation proves that owing to the lack of water shortages of water.
 the treaty is limited to ban nuclear explosions, but the quality of nuclear weapons, the quality of nuclear weapons, or production of new weapons.
 they replied that they were unable to receive him because of the urgent task.
 overall, overall, it is better than its part.
 (b) the company's clp will be closed on a day-by-case basis from the general public holidays from january 1, 1998.
 people who will be misleading in the green paper will be just eightway.
 it became a member of the chinese appointment of the chinese appointment in 1993 and became a member of the charter of the charter of arbitration.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven on hong kong island, two in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority is aimed at strengthening the capacity of the national protection and protection of the national protection and protection of human rights and infrastructure.
 on average, this age group is about 5 hours per week.
 this stage will lead to a single reimbursement rate for all other equipment and consumption.
 we must make use of international law as the most powerful act of international law.
 at present, science and technology is changing, and the world is moving towards multipolarization.
 there is also a major topic of communication between the chinese and western paintings.
 chen sheng-chien's hearts and sensitivity of the spectacles.
 i have made a response to the crisis in west africa.
 however, the most fundamental commitment to peace and national reconciliation.
 china exporters and investors have increased significantly in the european union.
 there are few signs of the existence of the fiji.
 the participants were very tired.
 on the other hand, foreign turtles, fudent rodent rodents and mororos, have occupied the country's most powerful species.
 these women are also subject to discrimination against equal wages or discrimination in marrying.
 (a) more than 50 per cent of its economy exceeds 50 per cent of the countries of the country.
 today, saint lucia has given the 1 head of state in history.
 in some cases, non-governmental organizations have tried to influence a government.
 this type of fana is a product of a new system of a new system of a new single system.
 recently, there have been a number of ex-offic groups which had not been able to talk about 1988.
 however, as long as the people's resumption of normal life, east timor will need to be sustained in east timor as long as the people are restored.
 in the capital of baghdad, a police bureau attacked a car bomb attack, causing at least five people dead and 19 others.
 in the last few months, the police have been charged with human rights violations and other irregularities or criminal offences.
 his election was highlighted by his election, and his personal quality and his experience in international affairs.
 as the tourism industry is a people-oriented industry, there is no way to survive.
 every 10 cm for every 10 cm at cmc is required to be 173-storey thread and 133 double-storeys.
 in order to " repeal ".
 at the same time, the department has also been trained to deal with hawkers.
 in the case of non-discriminary security, the debtor's debtor should be responsible for the maintenance and maintenance of the debtor.
 i am confident that these arrangements, in particular mutual legal assistance, will bear fruit and fruit.
 however, we have not yet seen any meaningful progress.
 during the vicinity, there were explosions in the vicinity of the scene. there were no casualties.
 the council has also begun to hold a new " mixed " meeting that is open to all states members of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo has pointed out that all measures have been taken to ensure that they would be in the near future.
 as noted above, the 8 section of the document did not mention the office.
 i accept the allegation that i have accepted the secretary for constitutional affairs is that some of the things are too close to the election.
 equitable wealth is equally important.
 the two vacancies have to be filled, and the meeting suspended the meeting on that day.
 the carparks, adjacent to the visitors centre, must also be suspended.
 at present, the growth in revenue portfolios has remained stable.
 many people have to enjoy the convenience of clothing, but they have paid a huge amount of debt debt.
 in mid-july this year, li has joined in the 8 of my country's disease at the 8 session of the national assembly.
 the 3 least developed countries meeting will be held in brussels from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the comprehensive development plan of ma wan island.
 in accordance with this commitment, france will submit a report to the secretariat as soon as possible.
 the chairpersons also stressed the need for the secretariat to participate fully in the preparation of background documents, including the preparation of background documents.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the mandate of the commission on human settlements.
 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 the small seventies are well-being, and his girl friend's friend's satisfaction and love.
 mr cheung was a keynote keynote in hong kong's occupational safety and health management.
 if you want to ask you, you would like to look for you.
 the new advantages of hong kong's new airport is the most advanced and other technical instruments.
 in spite of limited funds for families in economic difficulties, many small-scale money can be made available.
 as to the contents of the draft articles, it was expressed that the contents of the draft bill have been too complex and needed to be reduced.
 this is not only because we want to uphold the rule of law and upholding the rule of law of hong kong.
 the proportion of programme resources for the biennium 2002-2003 is shown in table 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has stated, all states require their generous commitment as soon as possible.
 this writer, of course, is not opposed to the promotional employment of university students.
 at the same time, the medical examination was found at the age of 50 at the age of 50.
 the israeli occupying forces have also been demolished in the village where the village was destroyed and burned another.
 the above-mentioned symptoms should consult the doctor's advice as soon as possible with early diagnoss and treatment.
 child prostitution is defined as a result of any other forms of remuneration, access to or facilitating the use of children in order to facilitate sexual activity.
 these are not good achievements.
 at the same time, the year-on-year increase in orders for the metal products industry increased further by 2<unk>.
 equally important is the problem of serious external debt, which accounted for 1<unk>3 of the export earnings of those countries.
 after a multi-sessional debate and for many years, we are now like to return to the beginning.
 in the economic and social council, there are 14 panels members of the economic and social council, which are members of the experts, rather than national representatives.
 with regard to the specialists unit, more intensive tactics were made available to the specialists.
 the entire project will be completed in the autumn of 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen as a substitute for north-south cooperation, and should be seen as a complement to it.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are continuing.
 the network of relations between family relations is collapsed and the traditional family structure is taking place.
 to ensure that the chinese language textbooks are available, the chinese language textbooks have been set up in chinese textbooks.
 another argument is that " banks are best to do. "
 they are said to have been injured.
 while the delegation of ethiopia appreciated the role played by unctad in this field, the panellisted only interesting questions, without which a solution was not provided.
 the united nations military contingent will assist those who might want to interfere with the process of democratization.
 however, such policies have to be effective, and it must be seen, as well as health, health and management, such as education, health and management.
 however, however, the authorities of the correctional authorities denied that he had been transferred to him, and then there were no news about the whereabouts of the person.
 in order to avoid the special interests of political parties, the electoral campaigns should be publicized, and the electoral campaign should be subject to strict control and transparent.
 it is expected that this will be completed in 2000.
 it's hard to imagine that sun buen cloud has experienced numerous waves of waves.
 the chairman of the commission on small and medium-sized enterprises (smes) of the three working groups of the commission were presented to the chief executive.
 asianet daily summary-press releases on tuesday, november 20, 2001.
 as a result of the history of history, the new territories had a wide range of land and only constraint controls.
 we welcome these areas. "
 if the " love you " should not be clear about the " love ".
 prior to may 1998, the indonesian security forces, in may 1998, appears to be an unfavourable manner, regardless of whether the authorities or local people do not think it.
 please watch a series of five series of new zealand's new zealand trip to new zealand.
 the adoption of the new integration guidelines adopted by the commission on 18 june 1998 was included in the relevant provisions of resolution 1171 (1998).
 <unk> 15 <unk> in the experimental collection system, it was suggested that the impact of an impact is higher than the district level.
 national television broadcasts a few programs on this seminar.
 if a person is dissatisfied with the age of 65, equal wages and income exceeds the minimum wage.
 in general, such information would not be disclosed.
 he is fortunate that he is committed to the work of the law.
 the special rapporteur has requested the establishment of an immediate review on the provisions of the " ordinance ".
 " the labour department will find a suitable job for non-resident university graduates to search for suitable vacancies and assist them in employment. "
 as china's recent accession to the world trade organization and the 2008 olympic games, the co-operation has enabled the two companies to be expected to be ready for communications.
 recently, one of the scholars who come from the mainland in hong kong in hong kong.
 as a whole, the existing system has played a balance of checks and balances.
 he said that if someone had been theft, it would also guarantee the safety of a few thousand people.
 the kosovo serb population participates in the elections and express their importance on the importance of self-government.
 mark marks is the headquarters of the ruf headquarters.
 there is now a sign of " taipei's dignity ", which is now at the entrance of the new painting room.
 the official said, " the official said, " it is entirely fabricated by yatton and baba.
 born in 1944, new zealand, who was born in new zealand, patch university, and university of australia.
 there are two chickens in the traditional market, two chickens in the traditional market.
 details of the proposal, both in both english and chinese, are now put up at a notice at the site site for public inspection.
 because the dpp has a new democratic progressive party.
 in the manufacturing sector, there is indeed a number of employees ' choices.
 the claimant has provided export credit guarantees for export credit and the contractor.
 with the help of non-governmental organizations, the government has developed national plans for the implementation of the platform for action.
 the committee recommends greater attention to the accuracy of the accuracy requirements.
 under the health act of estonia, all persons in estonia have the right to receive medical treatment (art. 5).
 the european union believes that the lusaka agreement was the most viable basis for the resolution of the conflict.
 the national daily also quoted economic scholars in bangkok, saying: " nobody knows how to do so. "
 zhou zhou <unk> zhou <unk> zhou <unk> zhou <unk> zhou <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 madam president, today's secretary michael suen is the " food of the food, " we don't stop him.
 in this dark atmosphere, i would like to say some of the things that i am talking about.
 the text contained in the annex contains comments made by the government of japan in the annex to the statute of the international court of justice.
 after the performance, the reactions received enthusiastically by the audiences and staff members.
 i can also quote some examples. some complaints were said to have complained about the fact that some patients with chronic diseases have been given to the hospital authority.
 the approved division is required to propose amendments to the latest developments in the kowloon hang market.
 in fact, all i have arrived in chongqing.
 the panel is supporting its support to ensure gender issues in the 2001 national census of the year 2001.
 she enjoys all the morality of the highest value and all the civil rights.
 all departments involved will be involved in all departments concerned, with a view to prevention, prosecution and the prosecution of the victims.
 with regard to the obligation of the state party, the committee noted that, in some cases, reports would mention the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that, in general, 100 members of the 100 fighters will be able to produce approximately 15000 small arms ammunition.
 secondly, the reduction in tension has been reduced.
 we shall first act on the draft resolution on the economic and other activities of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded his daughter's daughter.
 in addition, there has been no cash flow in the current peacekeeping resources.
 my delegation also thanked the under-secretary-general, under the under-secretary-general, under the under-secretary-general and the special representative otuntun.
 it is likely to create financial instability in developing countries for foreign investment.
 a international seminar was held in prague with the government of the czech republic on 24 and 25 june 1998.
 as a result of the transfer of banking licences, the number of banks in hong kong remains unchanged at 177.
 this is mainly attributable to the concepts that have been achieved in some countries over the past 5 years.
 aids has exacerbated children and orphans suffering from the suffering of children and orphans; the increase in the conflict has increased their suffering.
 in january this year, sergio de mello de mello, mr. sergio de mello, proposed that there should be a general increase in the efficiency of the civilian police.
 our assessment is that the conditions for return to sierra leonean or liberia are now non-existent.
 youth accounted for 19 per cent of the african population in the light of the current population growth rate in africa.
 at the same time, the situation has become more bad, such as thailand, china, china, indonesia, korea and india.
 a typical consumers of the united states will have to spend 1000 hours to 150000 advertisements.
 i believe that the humanitarian situation in iraq must be borne in mind.
 this is one of the themes that deserve to play.
 the office urges the department of disarmament to assist member states to create a financial commitment to the new formation of the member states.
 the financial condition of our economy is better than the united kingdom, so there is no need to do so.
 during the end of 2004, bin laden's image was last year, but his deputy president zahwai has been frequently frequent.
 the 4 field is the establishment of national institutions based on the rule of law.
 in this connection, the bureau has set up a working group on the reduction in the scheme to reduce the reduction of the scheme.
 the honourable martin lee said that the government did not respond to this matter. "
 mr hu was the day before the performance of the performance of the national music association in the performance of the national music association.
 the gross surplus of business services accounted for 17.2<unk> of the total receipts, a percentage point lower than in 1995.
 in post-conflict societies, children in society have in need of care and care.
 the military attacks on the civilian target of the bosnian serb population has been upgraded, with a daily number of casualties.
 a spokesman for the department said that in the 2-week period of the two-week investigation period, the overall response rate was completed.
 the chickens were delivered to the market before transporting and blood testing, " he said.
 he said that the secretariat wished to provide guidance on whether such practices continue to be provided.
 the demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres long and 10 kilometres to iraq and 5 kilometres into kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of all children working in family services are girls.
 as a result, a number of measures have been undertaken to ensure that women prisoners are met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (polco).
 taiwan's 1 place of liu ming-ming also came to taiwan because of the war.
 the central meteorological station is expected to affect north china and south china.
 this section reviewed the reasons why the right to food can be found in the past.
 at the end of the 19 century, the cattle was found in the end of the 19 century.
 criminal law and criminal proceedings have been amended to provide the national legal system.
 the absence of appropriate legal sanctions against any person who had not been authorized to engage in arms manufacture would be able to promote compliance with the authorization of the manufacture.
 the government has launched a series of activities to consolidate the confidence of the international community in hong kong.
 however, the armed forces are too large and the federal budget cannot be maintained.
 after the dinner, the hong kong ballets of hong kong ballets were performed by the hong kong ballets.
 speaking at the opening ceremony of the event, the director of home affairs, mrs the director of home affairs, said: " all along hong kong is a immigrant society.
 on 30 may, a new wave of fighting was taken by the taliban forces in the north-west and the taliban in the north-west of the north-west.
 data in computer systems have also been very easy to visit the computer system and the major problems related to other related issues.
 this document will include a voluntary vote on the security situation in the asean regional forum.
 every day, the soldiers said that this day will be returned on that day.
 " it's late for the better to implement the mpf system, the better the overall burden of the community. "
 the committee was informed that the replacement of the vehicle from the united nations assistance mission from the united nations assistance mission to the united nations is not viable.
 on the contrary, they often look at the people of the people, as the enemy is the enemy, and so, the people of the people are unavoidable.
 the railway system is an integral part of the quality of transport systems in hong kong.
 under the provisions of the convention, it was recognized that troop-contributing countries were important partners in peacekeeping operations.
 i think this would be sorry, i am sorry.
 through this election, china will fully ensure that hong kong is a working class.
 it appears that, despite the author's intention to use this procedure, they did not use this procedure.
 as a result, the strategy is that others should not follow suit to the new areas, but it's not possible to go to new areas. "
 it will be issued in july.
 johnson's works as early as the 1940s, so far more than half a century ago.
 however, madam president, the bill submitted today to this council is a great doubt that the bill will be implemented in the transitional period.
 on february 3, sha tsui was arrested by new zealand via los angeles road from new zealand.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, presented presentation of the economic outlook for 2003 and the future economy.
 the economy is also highly dependent on energy resources, especially natural gas and processing.
 some experts indicated that statistics had not been able to demonstrate the size of the problem.
 as a result, we need to choose different types of bricks in different areas of the different places.
 since 1978, the exchange rate system has been a long-term market.
 in the context of the shanghai forum, shkek group had been established in the area of shanghai.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that there has been a change in its fundamental basis.
 we will continue to advise young people who have a very bad impact on health. "
 some of the results are as follows: in social studies, social research, mathematics, mathematics, agriculture and reading.
 this year's boiling is $ 102025, representing a total of 24<unk> of $ 825600 compared with a year earlier.
 these provisions should be put in place by the chinese side.
 non-members of the united nations operational rate of the united nations operational rate in other currencies will be used for other currencies.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court is a fundamental way to promote respect for international law and human rights.
 in addition, we are more than 2. "
 in the wake of the incident, i knew the doctor's doctor also expressed strong dissatisfaction with the authorities concerned.
 " there is a need to amend the proposed amendments to reflect the latest use of land use on lantau island in lantau island.
 this is forced to suspend the negotiations in that stage.
 to that end, the member states must have a legal obligation of assessed contributions on time, full and unconditional terms.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 in half a century, humankind has been living in the danger of a sustained nuclear danger.
 he said that in order to address these problems, a cabinet headed by prime minister headed by prime minister.
 in all cases, there is still a need to wait for the period 2003-04, the longer the waiting time for 2003.
 there is no other group of groups that have been separated from other groups.
 the seriousness of the behaviour is similar to similar violations of article 3 of the geneva conventions.
 2. the important accounting policy of these financial statements applies to the financial statements of these financial statements.
 among them, there will be rain in some places in the south of yunnan south.
 on behalf of the government and people of the comoros, i would like to extend their condolences to the families of the heros of the israeli government.
 undp has not yet had a plan to make a comprehensive plan for the trust of the donor community.
 the bureau was chaired by the bureau, as chaired by the president of the country, mali, mali and ukraine, as chairman of the two delegations of the two delegations.
 ohchr will promote the right to development at the centre of the right to development, planned, policy and operational activities.
 the vocational training council is now holding an average of about 70 per week for an average week.
 after the escape, the victim's access to their employers and he was informed by him.
 the administration has already announced today's day.
 for example, in the phase 3 phases are already purchased, but it's very late for the 1998 crops.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue, and it should be possible to work and employment.
 the volume of printing has decreased by 30 per cent.
